What happened so suddenly?
Didn't you help Wang Jiu save Li Chenghai?
Now it is proven that the great nobles all hate you.
A strange thing also happened in my hospital.
The next bodyguard jumped to his death.
After being rescued, there was not a single wound on the body.
Now the media is all propaganda.
You borrowed our Tham family's hand.
Fake festival
Threat.
It seems like there is someone behind him.
Honestly, if I'm right
This must be some kind of evil magic that can control people's hearts.
But the person behind is very simple.
Art is cruel
That's evil.
Is Ly Than still there?
Ms. Van, you're here.
What's the big deal, Mary, why are you in such a hurry to find me?
Ms. Van, have you ever heard the dead talk?